`services/regulated-assets-approval-server/{cmd, internal}`: Add `base-url` and `approval-server-payment-threshold` env/cli args to sep8 server (#3588)
stellar/go: services/regulated-assets-approval-server/README.md

      --issuer-account-secret string   Secret key of the asset issuer's stellar account. (ISSUER_ACCOUNT_SECRET)
      --network-passphrase string      Network passphrase of the Stellar network transactions should be signed for (NETWORK_PASSPHRASE) (default "Test SDF Network ; September 2015")
      --port int                       Port to listen and serve on (PORT) (default 8000)
      --base-url string                The base url address to this server

>       --approval-server-payment-threshold int The amount threshold to require KYC

Reviewer: 💡 All the configs are for the approval server, so we probably don't need `approval-server` in parameters.

Suggestion:
```suggestion
      --kyc-required-payment-amount-threshold int The amount threshold to require KYC
```

Author: Good suggestion!

>       --approval-server-payment-threshold int The amount threshold to require KYC

Reviewer: 💡 I think we should also mention how is the amount denominated, so it is clear. The fact the type is `int` is helpful, but if I enter 100 I might be surprised to find out that is `0.0000100`. In fact maybe a string is better, and then you can use the `amount` package to unwrap it to an int.

Author: Thats an interesting point.
@marcelosalloum What do you think?

Reviewer 2: >💡 I think we should also mention how is the amount denominated, so it is clear.

Yup, totally agree with that!

> In fact maybe a string is better (...)

The `amount` package seems like a good option, it's part of the monorepo and seems to be meant for this kind of usage. It's my first time coming across it as well but might be worth the try.

Author: @marcelosalloum @leighmcculloch Thoughts on this before I squash and merge?

      --issuer-account-secret string   Secret key of the asset issuer's stellar account. (ISSUER_ACCOUNT_SECRET)
      --network-passphrase string      Network passphrase of the Stellar network transactions should be signed for (NETWORK_PASSPHRASE) (default "Test SDF Network ; September 2015")
      --port int                       Port to listen and serve on (PORT) (default 8000)
      --base-url string                The base url address to this server

>       --kyc-required-payment-amount-threshold string The amount threshold when KYC is required, may contain decimals (default 500 units)

Reviewer 2: 👀  FYI this text is copied from the output of the command `go run serve --help` as described in line 51 above.

You should be updating the env description in services/regulated-assets-approval-server/cmd/serve.go and then run `go run serve --help` to update this section of the readme. Updating the CLI tool is more important than updating the Readme because that's ultimately the source of truth while the Readme could be outdated.
